I wouldn't tell you. Even if I knew.

Learn to give up the good to go for the great as said by john d rockefeller

I just want to talk to you for a minute.

Life should be measured in deeds, not years.

I am trying my best for her but what if she gets bored of me 
or found someone better than me.

What is the longest time you have ever been on a call ? 

Girls never admit that they like you
They just start talking to you daily

You will have to.

A year from now, everything you are stressign about won't even matter.

Gold is so ductile that we can make 2 km long wire from just 1 gram of it.

Will you confirm now?

My Childer didn't choose to be born, I chose to have children.
They owe me nothing, I owe them everything.

If you keep them busy with basic needs,
They will forget about the freedom they lost.

Your videos are a perfect blend of humor and knowledge.
You truly know the art of presenting something.

How much will it cost?
How much does it cost?

How many rupees were spent?

Marry to the game

Broly is really the definition of 
"When a nice guy loses his temper, the devil shivers and the hell crumbles."

Can the god who can create someone, cannot make someone the same as before?]

When you indulge in HARAM, When you Fall in love with HARAM, When you Eat, sleep and Breathe in the HARAM,
Then the HALAL becomes Disgusting to you.

Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even if you dont want to do it.

Those who dont jump, will never fly.

Its difficult to make both ends meet in this.

Everything that could go wrong, went wrong.

I hope your favorite person, never turns into a lesson.

Me during exams just to be sure cause I have trust issues with myself.

Whatever happends, happends for good.

Whatever happened was good.

It was bound to happen.

My final exams are round the corner.

May i say something now?

What do you want?

Please speak slowly.

What are you thinking?

Did you try?

It happended by chance.

May I sit?

Sorr to hear that.

I can help you.
